EPISODE 26
Nai, you're a man of the world.
Pick a place and get a feast out of Mei.
Meeting in the conference room
in five minutes.
A meeting to pick a seafood place?
Pretty much.
We're having a meeting?
I think we should go to Turtle Scallops.
The service is slow, but the food is good.
Book a table, and we can eat right away.
No. Their service is way too slow.
We'll wait for two to three years.
What about Snail Seafood?
The person who pays should pick. Mei?
I'm a Libra.
You know I have decidophobia.
Also, treating you all is painful enough,
don't ask me to make a decision.
Nai, you pick a place.
I'm okay with whatever.
Let's discuss something else first.
I just received notice
from Fengteng Technology.
The demo has been moved up
to September 1.
What's a crazy plot twist? This is one!
- What about our seafood?
- Wait, why is it moved up?
I thought the date was set!
Why the change suddenly?
Right? And by two weeks!
I spoke to Mr. Wang from Fengteng.
There are two reasons.
One, Mr. He,
the director of "A Chinese Ghost Story,"
decided last minute, to get an operation
in the US on September 10.
He'll need three months to recover.
He wants to take part in the decision
for "A New Chinese Ghost Story."
Ask him to set the date on September 9.
What an auspicious number!
Then he can fly to the US for his surgery.
And the second reason?
The second is President Feng,
Fengteng's top executive
who's highly invested in the project,
has an international conference
from September 2 to 9.
He will also attend the demo.
The original date
is perfectly fine with his schedule,
but with these two factors combined,
they had to move up the demo
to September 1.
At the last meeting, Nai,
you said your optimization software
won't be done until September 15.
Plus testing and debugging,
it won't be done by September 16,
at the earliest. What now?
Must we give up on optimization?
It's fine to give up, I think.
Since our gameplay and visuals
can already beat out everyone.
It's just an issue with high RAM usage.
It's not that we can't fix it.
We're only short on time.
True. It's not our fault
that we're short on time.
We can explain to them.
Decision-makers don't want explanations.
Results are everything.
So, I don't plan to give up optimization.
Instead, we'll take a two-pronged approach
and fix other issues,
along with solving
the high RAM usage problem.
Other issues?
When I got the email,
realizing time is tight,
I suddenly got inspiration.
That's a funny way to get inspired.
Automatic map generator?
It's quite exciting, actually.
Let's partner up.
We should be done in 10 days.
Ashuang, time is tight.
We have to debug while we test.
You're in charge of all the testing.
- Ashuang?
- Okay.
Who's K.O.'s partner?
K.O. is with me.
You and I will finish
the optimization tool.
I'll deal with the visual weight algorithm
and texture decrease.
You'll optimize the models.
Okay.
The normal instance dungeon is over.
High-difficulty dungeon begins now.
I hope you all feel okay.
That means I'm the only one
still thinking about seafood?
I thought the meeting was to discuss
a seafood place! You liar!
Isn't that the theme, after all I said?
Shanghai, celebration party!
Mei, you dodged a bullet.
Okay, good luck!
Well? Did you decide
where to have seafood?
What seafood? We got terrible news.
What? Is something wrong with the game?
Shanghai's Fengteng moved up the demo
by a fortnight.
But that's not the point.
The point is your husband,
my classmate Xiao Nai,
has gone perverse.
- What does that mean?
- He's become hysterical.
Bring me some clothes from home,
both business and casual attire.
Toiletries, too.
You're going to stay at the office now?
Yes, as you wished.
I'll be staying at the office.
Are you pretending to be a gecko?
I'm bummed out, Ms. Weiwei.
Why are you bummed out?
Look, they won't let me play.
Are they dissing my IQ?
I'm a provincial champion, okay?
You're overthinking it, Mr. Girly.
Don't you have many things to do?
My job is too easy.
It's only a labor-intensive job.
Anyway, working alone is boring.
Two people working together is fun.
You see, we can bicker
when we have differences.
Most importantly,
their top-of-the-food-chain look
is so annoying.
How come I don't see that?
I think it's charming.
You don't understand the male world.
Why do I feel like
you and I are of the same world?
No way in hell!
Forget it. Ms. Weiwei,
this is the last time
I speak to you as a human.
Starting tomorrow,
I'll turn into a coding machine.
Tired?
Listen, time is of the essence!
AUGUST 22
Everyone is super busy,
yet I can't be of any help.
AUGUST 23, 2015
I thought we were doing The Thinker?
How could you find any inspiration
looking like that?
These two gods stand
in front of our library for a reason.
Just watch.
My soul will soon
be connected to Aristotle.
Then, his wisdom will pass through me.
Programming inspiration is nothing.
I'll understand the meaning of humanity.
How can you be so cocky,
in front of your teacher?
I have always taught you to refrain
from excessive narcissism and arrogance.
Narcissism can cause mistakes.
Arrogance can lead to failure.
Professor Pluto... No, Professor Plato,
haven't you heard of the saying
"the student outshines the teacher"?
I'm not as lucky as you.
I don't get to enjoy life on a beach.
The student outshines the teacher?
As far as I know,
you got the concept of gravity wrong.
Why don't you leave
the programming predicament to me?
- You, go make me a bowl of noodles.
- No way!
How dare you attack your teacher?
Mind yourself!
Keep fighting, you two. I've got an idea.
- He's got an idea?
- Crazy!
- Why don't we change poses and try again?
- Okay.
Here.
Time to eat.
This is an indulgence.
I'll have one.
Here.
I need to talk to you for five minutes.
Go ahead.
It may be summer,
but you can't make do like this.
- Make do?
- Yes.
Look at these people sleeping on desks.
Their backs could get hurt.
And those sleeping on chairs
either slip down or lose their blankets.
What if they catch a cold?
I know, it's a desperate time.
They can't afford to be stuck
in Capital City's traffic,
but things can't go on like this.
What do you suggest?
I think maybe we could buy
some blankets and mats
for the guys to rest.
Sleep is important, after all.
I was too inconsiderate.
You're in charge of it now.
No problem. That's the least I can do.
Your food delivery software is great.
It saved us a lot of time and energy.
That's easy.
So, budget?
Why are you giving me the wallet?
You're in charge of it for now. Go ahead.
Fantastic! We have beds to sleep on!
So soft and comfy. No more sore bums.
A girl makes all the difference.
I can eat here, drink here,
and sleep here.
And I've got my buddies.
I don't want to return to my pigsty now.
Mrs. Nai, you really are a godsend.
Yugong, your bed is in Lord's office.
What? You've assigned beds?
Of course. You, Houzi, Ashuang, and Ali,
your beds are all in Lord's office.
It's spacious and less crowded,
VIP treatment.
Ms. Weiwei, you're the best!
I believe she's separated
snorers from non-snorers.
What?
It's for your sake.
That's discrimination!
So sweet and considerate.
Now, I can finally get
some undisturbed sleep.
Where's my bed?
Over there.
You assigned Nai
the worst spot?
- I decided your beds by lottery.
- It's all the same.
I don't sleep much.
It's best to sleep there.
Thanks, Ms. Weiwei.
You're welcome.
There's very little I can do.
School starts on September 1,
so I can stay with you to the end.
Come to me, if you need any help.
- Sure!
- Thanks, Ms. Weiwei.
I have an idea, Ms. Weiwei.
Why don't you stay on, when school starts?
You can work while you study,
and make some money.
I don't need to get paid.
I just need food.
Wire the pay to my account.
You're evil, Nai.
Thanks.
Cousin Shaoxiang?
What is it?
Rumor around the office has it that
the manager has suddenly
become a workaholic.
I came to check it out.
Turns out, it's true.
What's gotten into you, Cousin Shaoxiang?
What do you mean?
It's perfectly normal,
for a man to strive for his career.
If you truly think that,
Uncle will be overjoyed.
The thing is,
I only decided to exert myself,
in order to beat Xiao Nai.
Yet to my suprise, the game design
was more interesting than I expected.
It's a stroke of luck,
that I found my passion.
Beat Xiao Nai?
What does this have to do with Xiao Nai?
You go to the same school as he did.
You must know his girlfriend.
You mean Bei Weiwei?
Bei Weiwei? I thought her surname was Lu?
If it's Xiao Nai's girlfriend,
then it's Bei Weiwei. Do you know her?
All right, I got duped again.
You know Bei Weiwei, Cousin Shaoxiang?
Why did she say her surname was Lu?
Did she tell you that?
I know a lot of women.
She's only one of them.
You know how women like to be clever.
It's normal for them
to want to play games with guys.
Anyway, I have to get back to work.
Fengteng is so odd.
Why did they move up the demo
by half a month? I'm crazy busy.
Why does Cousin Shaoxiang
want to beat Xiao Nai?
You mean Mr. Shaoxiang knows Bei Weiwei?
- And she told him, her surname is Lu?
- Yes.
She's even got to Mr. Shaoxiang now?
Shameless!
Did Mr. Shaoxiang break up
with his girlfriend because of her?
I'm not sure.
That must be the case.
She lied and said her surname is Lu,
likely to hide her identity,
so no one will know
how many men she's roped in.
She has to be a very calculating girl,
to come up with this ploy.
Bei Weiwei is dating Xiao Nai,
while tricking Cao Guang in the game.
Now, she's hoodwinked Mr. Shaoxiang.
What an unabashedly calculating girl!
Didn't Cao Guang say
it's a case of mistaken identity?
You bought that?
It's too much of a coincidence.
Bei Weiwei must have coaxed Cao Guang
into lying to us.
I'd believed Cao Guang,
but now Cousin Shaoxiang...
Forget it, I'm confused.
I don't want to get involved.
Let them be duped.
Men are all dummies.
They're being played,
and they attack the good eggs.
By the way, I know something else.
What?
A few days ago, I saw Cao Guang
with Zhao Erxi in front of the office.
They were clearly fighting over something.
In the end, Zhao Erxi
ran into the building crying.
I noticed Zhao Erxi
has been absent-minded
for the past few days.
Could it be that,
Zhao Erxi likes Cao Guang,
and Cao Guang likes Bei Weiwei?
What a mess!
I'll get to the bottom of this.
Cao Guang made us keep our mouths shut,
but if it comes from Zhao Erxi,
Bei Weiwei's roommate,
we can't blamed, right?
- Bye-bye.
See you.
- We should go, too.
- Let's go.
Erxi, we go to the same school,
and we intern at the same company.
We should get to know each other.
Yiran gave me these macaroons.
You can have one.
Thanks, but I'm on a diet.
I'm staying away from sweets.
Erxi,
I heard you and Bei Weiwei
are fighting because Cao Guang?
How did you know?
That's not true. Don't say that.
No secret stays hidden forever.
Plus, the victor always gloats.
The victor gloats? What do you mean?
What do you think I mean?
Who else knows about this, besides you?
You shouldn't be too sad.
You're not the only one she's hurt.
Mr. Zhen and his girlfriend
were perfectly happy together,
but she broke them up.
Simply put,
she won't let any man out of her grasp.
I had proof
that Bei Weiwei was cheating.
Cao Guang can attest to it.
It's too bad the evidence is gone.
Cao Guang is such a dummy
that he got duped again,
and said it was a misunderstanding.
He forbids us from telling the truth.
Xiao Nai, too.
He saw the video,
but he refused to believe it.
Who knows what spell
Bei Weiwei has them under?
Cao Guang went to see you?
You showed Xiao Nai the video?
It's a terrible injustice.
We had to make it known, of course.
Cao Guang came to us
on behalf of Bei Weiwei,
to shut us up,
but he never mentioned you.
You came to me, just to tell me this?
I don't want to see you
being kept in the dark,
and thinking she's a friend.
We might have lost the evidence,
but I think, it's best to let you know.
It's getting late. I should go.
Okay, Yiran and I will take you out
to eat next time.
Cao Guang is such a dummy
that he got duped again,
and said it was a misunderstanding.
He forbids us from telling the truth.
Xiao Nai, too.
He saw the video,
but he refused to believe it.
It's a terrible injustice.
We had to make it known, of course.
I had no idea Weiwei is the target of
so many false accusations and attacks,
but she's never complained.
Instead, she stood up for me.
If it were me,
I would've had a breakdown.
Weiwei isn't at fault
for what Cao Guang did.
I said I don't blame her,
but I still blame her in my emotions.
Zhao Erxi, she's such a good friend
and role model.
Why would you throw a fit with her?
You're so silly.
MESSAGES
CAO GUANG
I'm really sorry, Erxi.
Forgive me, for Coffee's sake.
Hello? Zhao Erxi,
you finally decided to return my calls.
Cao Guang, you've been apologizing to me,
but have you apologized to Weiwei?
I felt I was wronged.
Only now did I realize,
I'm not the only one who got hurt.
Weiwei got falsely accused
of being a two-timer,
because the two of us.
But she took my hissy fit
and your reproach without complaint.
It's enough that others slander her,
what's pathetic is,
I always thought I was her good friend,
but I never considered her feelings.
Cao Guang, we both need to apologize
to Weiwei.
She doesn't need my apology.
And I... I'm afraid to apologize to her.
You have deep feelings for Weiwei.
Remember, Cao Guang,
the person I have feelings for
is Weiguang, who thought
I was the one he's fond of, not Cao Guang.
I've never had feelings for you.
Do you understand?
If we meet again on campus,
let's pretend to be strangers.
I forgive you, Cao Guang.
Goodbye, Weiguang.
Mei, do this one over.
Guys, you must be sleepy.
This will pick you up.
Hello? Are you busy, Weiwei?
This is Xiao Nai. Weiwei is sleeping.
What? Sleeping? With you?
No, I meant...
We're at the office.
She got tired working and fell asleep.
I'll have her call you back later.
Okay, don't wake her.
She'll be very happy to hear from you.
Erxi called me?
How did she sound?
I heard there's a danger of my girlfriend
leaving my home.
Bike keys.
In the drawer. Help yourself.
You can take the rest of the day off.
Thank you, boss!
I already ordered dinner.
You won't go hungry.
Thanks for the blanket.
This is a stickup!
Master Er, I only have this one cake.
Will you take it and let me pass?
I guess so, but it's too small.
I can swallow it in one bite.
Is it good?
It's so good!
Thinking back on the past few days,
I feel so silly.
Weiwei,
you know I'm full of regret now?
Based on how well I know you,
you're probably regretting
that you tossed the cake
from the other day?
How did you guess that? Annoying!
Weiwei, don't tell Xiaoling
and Sisi about this,
or I'll break off with you for real.
I'm embarrassed, too. Okay?
- I'm not saying a word.
- That's more like it.
This is a stain on my record.
If the campus belle's sidekick
hadn't come to stir up bitterness,
I don't know
when I'd have thought things through.
But you have to forgive me.
A girl like me,
with no experience in love,
can easily stumble along the wrong path.
- Technically, I'm the cause of your pain.
- It has nothing to do with you.
It's entirely the fault
of that stupid, shallow Cao Guang.
Before you got here,
I sat and thought for a long time.
I think...
I must be a little jealous of you.
I finally develop feelings for someone,
yet he has a crush on you.
It's okay, though.
I've thought it through.
I don't want anyone who doesn't like me.
I want to turn a new leaf,
and find a handsome guy
who thinks looks are irrelevant.
Looks are irrelevant?
Then why a handsome guy?
Can't I have a lofty goal?
I haven't interrogated you yet.
Did you really move in with Lord?
Has the inevitable happened?
What if you lose your virginity?
It'd be all my doing.
He's a gentleman, okay?
I don't buy it.
He netted the department belle in minutes.
How gentlemanly can he be?
Tell me, honestly, have you kissed?
Why are you getting in my face?
Tell me!
We haven't, since I moved in.
That means you have before.
Why not since you moved in?
Is he afraid
he won't be able to stop himself?
Why did you take my cake?
I think you can get full
on just your imagination.
It's mine now!
Come here. Look at you.
Weiwei, while you were gone,
I made a mess of Xiaoling's place.
Hurry and move back in.
You can't keep staying at his place.
That's true. Let me talk to him.
Eat your cake.
No, I despise you!
Based on this concept,
all the player models in thick fog,
whose color saturation
is lower than default setting,
can all have their number of points
reduced by principal component analysis.
Their movement data
can be simplified and sorted
into a limited few.
Finally, we can combine
player models with animated textures,
and render all together.
This can reduce draw calls
by thousands of cycles,
thereby improving RAM usage rate
and rendering efficiency.
Combining models and textures
is no problem.
But principal component analysis...
How's your advanced mathematics?
It's self-taught.
Good. You should have no problem.
MESSAGES
WEIWEI
Let me make a call.
You're moving back?
Yes, I can't keep staying at your place.
What do you take my place for?
You think you can come and go as
you please? Move back when school starts.
Who? Who's moving back
after school starts?
No one you know.
Well?
Erxi, I just thought of something.
Lord isn't staying at his apartment,
but he's got many
precious paintings there.
I have to keep an eye on them for him.
You can move the paintings
to Xiaoling's place.
What did Nana want,
by telling you all this?
Who knows
what those twisted girls are up to?
They mean you harm, for sure.
I thought I could just ignore them,
but it's so annoying
that they won't go away.
They offered to take me out to eat.
I'll find out what they're up to.
- Take you out to eat?
- Yes.
Are you serious?
Yes, I got it out of her in a second.
When she shows up, we'll console her.
Zhao Erxi will surely tell us everything.
PREPARING TO RECORD
Game on, Bei Weiwei.
Welcome.
Over here, Erxi.
Erxi, this is Yiran.
You know her, right?
- Yiran, this is Erxi.
- Hello.
Of course, the campus belle.
We've ordered already, Erxi.
What would you like to eat?
- Thanks.
- Server!
I'll have a crêpe,
a mango pomelo sago,
two mango pancakes,
and a pasta, too.
I... I skipped lunch.
Have I ordered too much food?
No. We're all good friends.
Just be yourself.
Okay, then.
I also want a blueberry cake,
and a fruit salad.
Oh, do you have juice? I'll have one.
- Okay, that's all for now.
- Sure. Just a moment.
Enjoy.
Why aren't you eating?
Dig in! Come on!
I'm so envious of your good appetite.
Turn a broken heart into motivation.
You should know better than me, Yiran.
You're really heartbroken?
Is it because...
It's all because of that Wei... Ahem.
But I'm no match for her. What can I do?
An innocent girl like you
could never outscheme her.
The most awful thing is that
those guys are defending her.
They won't let us tell the truth.
It's fine with us, though.
Ours words wouldn't be credible,
unlike yours.
Coming from you, it's much more credible.
You mean, you want me
to badmouth her to others?
No. That's not what we meant.
We just think it's very unfair
when you see the villain gloating.
Well, this requires a long strategy.
Let me think as I eat.
Erxi!
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan